Hey guys welcome back to the course.
So in this lecture we're going to talk about repeat customers why they're so important and why they're
so awesome.
So now if you were looking at this from an outside perspective you might think what's interesting a
new client and a repeat client.
Right.
They probably pay you the same rates.
They probably have the same projects.
What could possibly be the difference now.
Actually there is quite a big difference.
Now the reason has to do with the economics of how you get clients and how you maintain clients.
Now it's a pretty simple concept when you're looking for new clients you spend a lot of time upfront
before they pay you a single dollar.
That time you spend is not going to be reimbursed.
This is time spent running your advertising campaigns reaching out to people talking to people answering
the questions estimating their projects negotiating contracts getting them to sign contracts following
up with them then finally starting a project.
Now if you signed a 100 hour project it's completely reasonable to think that you spent 10 hours upfront
getting that client.
Also you need to take into consideration is for that hundred hour project.
You probably also chased after four or five other projects that you didn't get.
So if you spent any similar amount of time on it you could have easily spent 50 hours looking for projects
landing one that gets you 100 hours.
So that's literally a third of your time wasted on something that doesn't make you money and doesn't
make you better at what you're doing.
Now review kind of the complete opposite of that.
If someone comes back to you they've already selected you.
You don't have to sell them on anything.
You sure do have to give them an estimate.
But you know the likelihood of getting that project is very very high.
You're essentially streamlining the process with them.
You cut out the fat out of the process and you focus on development which is what you make money off
of.
And what you're actually good at 3P clients are also a good indication that you're doing something well
because if they're coming back to you it means they're satisfied with your service.
Those are the people that are going to be the best for referrals a lot of prospective clients will give
you referrals but those don't have the same weight as a repeat client will repeat.
Clients can say my project that's up and it's alive.
This is the person that built it for me.
That's a very strong referral and that's a referral that's going to convert into a sale quite often.
So in general if you're trying to grow your business you need to focus on momentum.
One of the momentum killers in this business is constantly having to try and find new clients here at
Sprint.
We only work off referrals because we've put enough time and work into our network.
We don't have to go out and look for clients anymore.
This is the ideal range.
We waste barely any time on things that don't pay us.
That allows us to be more competitive on rates that allows us to be better at what we do.
And that allows us to have more of a margin to spend other places.
So focus on the things that give you the best our life for your time.
Focus on the things that are going to give you the best referrals but that's going to allow you to build
momentum.
That's going to allow you to grow your business.
And that's what we're going for.
Okay guys always try to focus on keeping your clients.
That's the sweetest deal possible.
It also is a good barometer of how well you're doing with the business in general.
Repeat clients means you're doing something right.
You guys have any questions posed in the group discussion.
Otherwise see in the next lecture.